旁边 小红帽 祖母 村民A 村民B 母亲 狼 猎人

旁白：Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived in a village near a big forest.
Her grandma had made her a beautiful red cloak with a big red hood, which she wore every time she went outside.
And so everyone in the village called her Little Red Riding Hood.

- 家
母：	Grandma isn't feeling very well. 
	Will you take this basket of food through the forest to her cottage？
小红帽：	Yes mother, I sure would love to see Grandma.

- 门口
母:	Remember, don't take to any strangers alone the way!
小红帽：	I won't 

- 森林
小红帽：	Wow! Flowers, how beautiful! One flower, two flowers, three flowers.
旁边： 	Riding Hood was very startled. And a Big Bag Wolf standing in the shadows between two trees.
狼：	I am wolf. I am hungry. Here is a little red riding hood!

- 村民A，B这时候走过来，狼藏起来
小红帽： 	Hello, how are you?
村民A:	Hello, Little Red Riding Hood. We just got back from chopping wood.
村民B： 	Hi Little Red Riding Hood. Where are you going on this fine day?
小红帽： 	I'm going to my grandma's cottage on the other side of the forest.
	She isn't feeling well, and I'm bringing her this basket of food and these flowers.
村民A: 	What a sweet girl you are.
小红帽：   I had better be going. Goodbye.
村民A, B：Goodbye
狼思索：	I can eat Grandma first, and then eat the Little Red Riding Hood

- 外婆家
旁边：	As quick as he could, he ran through the forest, all the way to Grandma's cottage.
敲门， 外婆躺床上
外婆：	Who is it?
狼：	It's me. Little Red Riding Hood.
外婆：	Com in, come in. The door is unlocked
狼：	Grandma, I'll eat you!
外婆： 	Oh, No!
狼吃掉外婆，躺在床上
一会儿后，小红帽进来了房间
小红帽：	Hello, Grandma. Mother told me you weren't feeling well, so I brought you some food and some flowers.
	Do you like these?
狼：	What a sweet little girl you are! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：	My! What big eyes you have, Grandma!
狼：	All the better to see you with! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：	My! What big ears you have, Grandma!
狼：	All the better to hear you with! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：	My! What big teeth you have, Grandma!
狼：	All the better to eat you with!
小红帽： 	Oh! NO!NO!NO!
狼起身逼近，小红帽逃跑
猎人端枪出场
猎人：	I heard screaming! What happened!
猎人进了房间看小红帽快被狼吃掉
猎人：	Leave the little Red Riding Hood, you bad wolf!
猎人端枪
狼：	Help! Don't shot me!
猎人开枪
猎人：	Bang!Bang!Bang!
狼死了
猎人： 	The bad wolf is dead.
小红帽：	Thank you!

















