旁白 小红帽 祖母 兔子A 兔子B 母亲 狼 猎人

旁白：		Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived in a village near a big forest.
		Her grandma had made her a beautiful red cloak with a big red hood, which she wore every time she went outside.
		And so everyone in the village called her Little Red Riding Hood.

- 家
旁白：		One morning, the mother and Little Red Riding Hood were having breakfast at the table.
母：		Grandma isn't feeling very well. 
		Will you take this basket of food through the forest to her cottage？
小红帽：		Yes mother, I sure would love to see Grandma.
母：		I heard that a big bad wolf came near the village recently. Attention on the road.
小红帽：		I will, mother.

- 门口
母:		Remember, don't take to any strangers alone the way!
小红帽：		I won't 

- 森林
小红帽看到2只兔子
兔子：    		Hello, Little Red Riding Hood
小红帽： 		Hello, Little white rabbits
兔子A:    		Where are you going so early?
小红帽：  		Grandma is not well, I'm going to see her
兔子B：    		Let's play with us for a while.
小红帽：  		I'm so sorry, I can't play together today, I also want to pick some beautiful wild flowers for grandma.
兔子B:     		Oh, okay.
小红帽：  		Goodbye.
兔子A, B:  		Goodbye.

小红帽边走边采路边的花
小红帽：		Wow! Flowers, how beautiful! One flower, two flowers, three flowers.
旁白： 		Riding Hood was very startled. And a Big Bag Wolf standing in the shadows between two trees.
狼在树林中
狼：		I am wolf. I am hungry. Here is a little red riding hood!

- 猎人这时候走过来，狼藏起来
小红帽： 		Hello, how are you?
猎人:		Hello, Little Red Riding Hood. I'm on patrol.
猎人：		Recently, a big bad wolf came to the village. I am protecting the safety of the villagers. Where are you going?
小红帽： 		I'm going to my grandma's cottage on the other side of the forest.
		She isn't feeling well, and I'm bringing her this basket of food and these flowers.
猎人: 		What a sweet girl you are. 
小红帽：   		I had better be going. Goodbye.
猎人：		Goodbye, Be careful.
猎人离开，小红帽继续往外婆家走去
狼思索：		I can eat Grandma first, and then eat the Little Red Riding Hood

- 外婆家
旁白：		As quick as he could, he ran through the forest, all the way to Grandma's cottage.
敲门， 外婆躺床上
外婆：		Who is it?
狼：		It's me. Little Red Riding Hood.
外婆：		Come in, come in. The door is unlocked.
狼：		Grandma, I'll eat 	you!
外婆： 		Oh, No!
狼吃掉外婆，躺在床上
一会儿后，小红帽进来了房间
小红帽：		Hello, Grandma. Mother told me you weren't feeling well, so I brought you some food and some flowers.
		Do you like these?
狼：		What a sweet little girl you are! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：		My! What big eyes you have, Grandma!
狼：		All the better to see you with! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：		My! What big ears you have, Grandma!
狼：		All the better to hear you with! Come closer, my dear.
小红帽靠近
小红帽：		My! What big teeth you have, Grandma!
狼：		All the better to eat you with!
小红帽： 		Oh! NO!NO!NO!
狼起身逼近，小红帽逃跑
兔子们刚好在附件， 听到了小红帽的喊声
兔子A:		I seem to hear the scream of Little Red Riding Hood!
兔子B：    		I heard it too! She must be in danger at her grandmother's house. Let’s go to find hunter for help.

猎人端枪出场
猎人：		I recently saw a big bad wolf around the village, I was looking for him
兔子A， B找到猎人
兔子A： 		We heard the scream of Little Red Riding Hood, she should be in danger!
猎人：   		Where is she now?
兔子B指了指：  	In that house!

猎人进了屋子
猎人：		I heard screaming! What happened!
猎人：		Leave the little Red Riding Hood, you bad wolf!
猎人端枪
狼：		Help! Don't shot me!
猎人开枪
猎人：		Bang!Bang!Bang!
狼死了
猎人： 		The bad wolf is dead.
小红帽：		Thank you!

















